README.md, before:

# Citations of Outside Sources

### Case 1: Combine Background Image with Gradient Overlay
For the gradient overlay on my #home-section, I followed this guide from Geeks For Geeks: [link](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/css-combine-background-image-with-gradient-overlay/)

I used a different background image and chose not to gradient but to have one color (black) for the overlay.

### Case 2: Hamburger Nav Icon
I attempted solutions from W3Schools, Geek2Geek, and Dev.to, but ended up following a screenshot from Taylor Polli Overturf shared in Slack.

### Case 3: Layering Divs
I used this guide from TutorialsPoint to layer multiple divs in my "home" section: [link](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/css/css_layers.htm)

### Case 4: Email Link as Button
I used this guide from StackOverflow (from users Ajay and Khaled Al-Ansari) to style my `a` tag as a button and add hover css: [link](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/35457548/how-to-link-a-button-to-an-email-address)

### Case 5: Hamburger Nav Area
When I ran into difficulty with getting my hamburger nav to expand vertically, I received brainstorming and bug-squashing help from Matt Powell and Taylor Polli Overturf.  Matt helped me figure out how to move my links to accomplish the styling I needed, and Taylor introduced me to the "viewport height" styling, which I implemented in other sections.

### Case 6: Jquery Hide/Show Overlay
I used this StackOverflow link to test jquery show/hide [link](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/15722997/jquery-mouseover-image-overlay/15724797), but I used hover instead of mouseover and also used both jquery documentation to explore the hide/show methods: [link](https://api.jquery.com/show/) and W3 Schools' example of the hover method: [link](https://www.w3schools.com/jquery/jquery_events.asp).  I also received guidance from Nathaniel Stack re: `.offset` and how to position the overlay using the x,y coordinates.

### Case 7: Font Size From Px to Em
I followed this guide that Lauren Colvin linked in Slack to change the font size from px to em: [link](https://andy-carter.com/blog/using-scalable-css-units-for-font-sizes)

### Case 8: Smooth Scrolling to a Div
I followed this guide from StackOverflow, answered by "Steve," edited by "melutovich": [link](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/6677035/scroll-to-an-element-with-jquery)

Commit message:

removed jquery hover, replaced with css hover

README.md, after:

# Citations of Outside Sources

### Case 1: Combine Background Image with Gradient Overlay
For the gradient overlay on my #home-section, I followed this guide from Geeks For Geeks: [link](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/css-combine-background-image-with-gradient-overlay/)

I used a different background image and chose not to gradient but to have one color (black) for the overlay.

### Case 2: Hamburger Nav Icon
I attempted solutions from W3Schools, Geek2Geek, and Dev.to, but ended up following a screenshot from Taylor Polli Overturf shared in Slack.

### Case 3: Layering Divs
I used this guide from TutorialsPoint to layer multiple divs in my "home" section: [link](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/css/css_layers.htm)

### Case 4: Email Link as Button
I used this guide from StackOverflow (from users Ajay and Khaled Al-Ansari) to style my `a` tag as a button and add hover css: [link](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/35457548/how-to-link-a-button-to-an-email-address)

### Case 5: Hamburger Nav Area
When I ran into difficulty with getting my hamburger nav to expand vertically, I received brainstorming and bug-squashing help from Matt Powell and Taylor Polli Overturf.  Matt helped me figure out how to move my links to accomplish the styling I needed, and Taylor introduced me to the "viewport height" styling, which I implemented in other sections.

### Case 6: Jquery Hide/Show Overlay
I used this StackOverflow link to test jquery show/hide [link](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/15722997/jquery-mouseover-image-overlay/15724797), but I used hover instead of mouseover and also used both jquery documentation to explore the hide/show methods: [link](https://api.jquery.com/show/) and W3 Schools' example of the hover method: [link](https://www.w3schools.com/jquery/jquery_events.asp).  I also received guidance from Nathaniel Stack re: `.offset` and how to position the overlay using the x,y coordinates.

### Case 7: Font Size From Px to Em
I followed this guide that Lauren Colvin linked in Slack to change the font size from px to em: [link](https://andy-carter.com/blog/using-scalable-css-units-for-font-sizes)

### Case 8: Smooth Scrolling to a Div
I added jquery `.animate` to implement smooth scrolling using this guide from StackOverflow, answered by "Steve," edited by "melutovich": [link](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/6677035/scroll-to-an-element-with-jquery)
